numbers of Palestinians who are trying
to get inside Al aamas compound through
these checkpoints this is one entrance
that Palestinians often use is just a
trickle of what we used to see in the
previous years during Ramadan and
specifically during the first Friday
these restrictions include raising the
age limit of Palestinian men who are
allowed to go inside to 55 meaning those
men who were hoping to go inside and
pray and wait to become older has now
been pushed further away to become 55
for women it's a different story they
report that in previous years they did
not have to have an age limit to be able
to enter But now that age restriction
has been put at 50 remember we're
talking about the Palestinian society
which is a young society and many
Palestinians were hoping to get inside
and pray at alas compound the second
restriction is related to having a valid
entry permit which has has been really
difficult to get since the war started
we met here with Abdul Majid Abdul Majid
who's a 62-year-old man who never used
to need a valid entry permit to cross
into Jerusalem he only needed this
card I used to have a permit before the
war it seems to have been cancelled
every year I go to the mosque during
Ramadan and spend at least 10 days there
now I thought my age would allow me in
but I was turned back twice
so Palestinians who could not enter Al
akamas compound are praying here just
outside of the kalandia military
checkpoint after the door has been
closed no one is allowed to enter
anymore you know for many Palestinians
who cannot get permits throughout the
year this was the only opportunity they
would have to be able to access
Jerusalem only during Fridays in Ramadan
but even that opportunity has been taken
away from them people are saying that
they're frustrated and they say this is
one another form of punishment nid
ibraim Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer